TERRA TACTICA Software License Agreement

This Software License Agreement ("Agreement") is a legal agreement between you
(either an individual or a single entity) and TASSO and SUYOG ("Licensors") for
the use of the software product identified as "TERRA TACTICA" ("Software"). By
accessing, modifying, or contributing to the Software within the private
repository, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.

1. Grant of License

Licensors grant authorized developers a non-exclusive, non-transferable,
limited license to access, modify, and contribute to the Software solely
within the private GitHub repository, for the purpose of adding features and
improving the Software. This license does not grant any rights to use,
distribute, or make any derivative works of the Software outside the private
repository.

2. Ownership

The Software and all modifications, enhancements, and derivative works made by
contributing developers are owned by TASSO and SUYOG. This Agreement does not
grant any rights to the contributing developers over the Software, including
intellectual property rights or rights to monetary gains.

3. Restrictions

- Authorized Developers: Only developers with explicit access to the private
  GitHub repository are allowed to view, modify, and contribute to the Software.
- Unauthorized Access: If anyone not authorized by TASSO and SUYOG gains access
  to the source code, they are strictly prohibited from viewing, modifying,
  distributing, or making any use of the Software.
- Monetary Gains: All rights to any monetary gains from the sale or licensing
  of the Software are reserved exclusively by TASSO and SUYOG.

4. Confidentiality

Authorized developers agree to keep the source code and any related information
confidential. Sharing the source code or any part of the Software outside the
private GitHub repository is strictly prohibited.

5. Termination

This Agreement is effective until terminated. Licensors may terminate this
Agreement immediately if you fail to comply with any of its terms. Upon
termination, all rights granted to you under this Agreement will cease, and you
must cease all use of the Software and destroy any copies of the Software in
your possession.

6. Disclaimer of Warranties

The Software is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express
or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.

7. Limitation of Liability

In no event shall Licensors be liable for any damages arising out of or in
connection with the use or inability to use the Software, even if advised of
the possibility of such damages.

8. Governing Law

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
applicable in the jurisdiction of the primary residence of TASSO and SUYOG. If
any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable under applicable
law, such provision shall be modified to the minimum extent necessary to make
it enforceable, and the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full
force and effect.

9. Entire Agreement

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and Licensors
regarding the Software and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, or
communications related to the Software.
